docs: add kgateway tutorial (part 1) (#411)
kyverno/kyverno-envoy-plugin: website/docs/tutorials/kgateway/index.md

This tutorial shows how kgateway can be configured to delegate authorization decisions to the Kyverno Authz Server.

## Setup

### Prerequisites

- A Kubernetes cluster
- [Helm](https://helm.sh/) to install Envoy Gateway the Kyverno Authz Server
- [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/#kubectl) to interact with the cluster

### Setup a cluster (optional)

If you don't have a cluster at hand, you can create a local one with [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/quick-start/#installation).

```bash
KIND_IMAGE=kindest/node:v1.31.1

# create cluster
kind create cluster --image $KIND_IMAGE --wait 1m
```

### Install Envoy Gateway

> First we need to install Envoy Gateway in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First we need to install kgateway in the cluster.
```
